README.md, before:

# translator
Translator app

Microservice providing an API to work with word definitions/translations taken from Google Translate.

# Endpoints

POST /translate_word :
  Receives a word and lang in a JSON object as a POST request and translates it to the language provided in the lang field using the Google Cloud Translate API. If the word is already in the database, then it retrieves the translation from the collection "words". Otherwise, stores the translation to the "words" collection and returns a JSON object with the translation.

GET /{word} :
  Receives a string value as a path parameter and returns a list of all words in the "words" collection that contains the specified value.

DELETE /{word} :
  Receives a word as a path parameter and uses the "words" collection to delete the word from the database if exists. The endpoint returns a message confirming the successful deletion of the word.
  
TODO:
1. Create configuration file .env with main constants 
2. Create settings.py with constants from .env
3. Create tests for translation mocking webdriver call
4. Create and use chrome as a third service in docker-compose to use selenium

Commit message:

Tests with mocks were added: 1. test_create_word_success: Test function that verifies successful translation and creation of new word in the database. 2. test_create_word_existing_translation: Test function that verifies if a translation for the specified word already exists in the database. 3. test_create_word_not_found: Test function that verifies if no translation is found for the specified word. 4. test_show_word: Test function that verifies if a list of words containing the specified string value in the database is returned. 5. test_delete_word_success: Test function that verifies if a word is successfully deleted from the database. 6. test_delete_word_not_found:  Test function that verifies if the word to be deleted is not found in the database.
+ README was updated

README.md, after:

# translator
Translator app

Microservice providing an API to work with word definitions/translations taken from Google Translate.

# Endpoints

POST /translate_word :
  Receives a word and lang in a JSON object as a POST request and translates it to the language provided in the lang field using the Google Cloud Translate API. If the word is already in the database, then it retrieves the translation from the collection "words". Otherwise, stores the translation to the "words" collection and returns a JSON object with the translation.

GET /{word} :
  Receives a string value as a path parameter and returns a list of all words in the "words" collection that contains the specified value.

DELETE /{word} :
  Receives a word as a path parameter and uses the "words" collection to delete the word from the database if exists. The endpoint returns a message confirming the successful deletion of the word.
  
TODO:
1. Optimize webdriver for multiple launches
2. Create tests to test page parsing logic
